:relative-path: ./
include::{docdir}/variables.adoc[]

:appName: hello-world


= Developer manual



== Requirements
include::{docdir}/developer-manual/requirements/intro.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

=== System requirements
include::{docdir}/developer-manual/requirements/system-requirements.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

=== Using CLI
include::{docdir}/developer-manual/requirements/cli.adoc[leveloffset=+2]



== ZetaPush concepts
include::{docdir}/developer-manual/concepts/intro.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

=== Create your account
include::{docdir}/developer-manual/concepts/create-account.adoc[leveloffset=+2]



== Develop your front with ZetaPush
include::{docdir}/developer-manual/develop-front/intro.adoc[leveloffset=+1]



== Develop your business logic
include::{docdir}/developer-manual/develop-cloud-services/intro.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

=== What is a _custom cloud service_
include::{docdir}/developer-manual/develop-cloud-services/definition.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

=== Develop a _custom cloud services_

==== Define a _custom cloud service_
include::{docdir}/developer-manual/develop-cloud-services/create-custom-cloud-service.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

==== Expose a _custom cloud service_
include::{docdir}/developer-manual/develop-cloud-services/expose-custom-cloud-service.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

==== Use a _custom cloud service_ in your front
include::{docdir}/developer-manual/develop-cloud-services/use-in-front.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

==== Run application
include::{docdir}/developer-manual/develop-cloud-services/run-application.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

==== Compose cloud services
include::{docdir}/developer-manual/develop-cloud-services/compose-intro.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

===== Dependency injection
include::{docdir}/developer-manual/develop-cloud-services/compose-dependency-injection.adoc[leveloffset=+4]

===== Use built-in _cloud service_
include::{docdir}/developer-manual/develop-cloud-services/compose-use-builtin.adoc[leveloffset=+4]

===== Use another _custom cloud service_
include::{docdir}/developer-manual/develop-cloud-services/compose-use-custom.adoc[leveloffset=+4]

=== Develop fast

==== Hot reload
include::{docdir}/developer-manual/develop-cloud-services/hot-reload.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

==== Auto-completion
include::{docdir}/developer-manual/develop-cloud-services/auto-completion.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

==== Log from a _custom cloud service_
include::{docdir}/developer-manual/develop-cloud-services/logs.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

==== Debug a _custom cloud service_
include::{docdir}/developer-manual/develop-cloud-services/debug.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

==== Test a _custom cloud service_
include::{docdir}/developer-manual/develop-cloud-services/testing.adoc[leveloffset=+3]



== Deploy/publish your application
include::{docdir}/developer-manual/deploy/intro.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

=== What will be deployed ?
include::{docdir}/developer-manual/deploy/definition.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

=== Environments
include::{docdir}/developer-manual/deploy/environments.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

=== Deploy application on the ZetaPush Cloud
include::{docdir}/developer-manual/deploy/deploy-application.adoc[leveloffset=+2]



== User management in your application



== Store data in your application
include::{docdir}/developer-manual/data-storage/idea.adoc[leveloffset=+1]



== Secure your application
include::{docdir}/developer-manual/security/idea.adoc[leveloffset=+1]
