:relative-path: ./
include::{docdir}/variables.adoc[]

= Reference



== ZetaPush management
include::{docdir}/reference/manage/intro.adoc[leveloffset=+13]

=== Manage ZetaPush account
include::{docdir}/reference/manage/account-intro.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

==== Create your account
include::{docdir}/reference/manage/create-account.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

==== Manage your profile
include::{docdir}/reference/manage/manage-profile.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

==== Delete your account
include::{docdir}/reference/manage/delete-account.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

[#manage_organization]
=== Manage your organization
include::{docdir}/reference/manage/organization.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

=== Manage applications
include::{docdir}/reference/manage/application-intro.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

[#add_application]
==== Add an application
include::{docdir}/reference/manage/application-add.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

[#access_control_per_application]
==== Access control per application
include::{docdir}/reference/manage/application-access-control.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

[#manage_environments]
=== Manage environments
include::{docdir}/reference/manage/application-intro.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

[#add_environment]
==== Add an environment
include::{docdir}/reference/manage/environment-add.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

[#access_control_per_environment]
==== Access control per environment
include::{docdir}/reference/manage/environment-access-control.adoc[leveloffset=+3]



== Architecture
include::{docdir}/reference/architecture/intro.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

=== General architecture
include::{docdir}/reference/architecture/general-architecture.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

=== ZetaPush choices
include::{docdir}/reference/architecture/choices.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

==== High availability
include::{docdir}/reference/architecture/high-availability.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

==== Load-balancing
include::{docdir}/reference/architecture/load-balancing.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

==== Scalability
include::{docdir}/reference/architecture/scalability.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

==== Supervision
include::{docdir}/reference/architecture/supervision.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

[#javascript_vs_typescript]
==== JavaScript vs TypeScript
include::{docdir}/reference/architecture/javascript-vs-typescript.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

=== Application code structure
include::{docdir}/reference/architecture/code-structure.adoc[leveloffset=+2]



== ZetaPush development concepts

=== Npm modules provided by ZetaPush
include::{docdir}/reference/concepts/zetapush-npm-modules.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

[#dependency-injection]
=== Dependency injection
include::{docdir}/reference/concepts/dependency-injection.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

[#modules]
=== Modules
include::{docdir}/reference/concepts/modules.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

=== Current running context
include::{docdir}/reference/concepts/running-context.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

==== Environment
include::{docdir}/reference/concepts/environment.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

==== ConfigurationProperties
include::{docdir}/reference/concepts/configuration-properties.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

==== ZetaPushContext
include::{docdir}/reference/concepts/zetapush-context.adoc[leveloffset=+3]



== Develop with ZetaPush

[TODO]
====
Intro
====

=== Develop your front only
include::{docdir}/reference/development/front-only.adoc[leveloffset=+4]

[#client_types]
==== ZetaPush client
include::{docdir}/reference/development/client-sdk.adoc[leveloffset=+4]

==== Web development
include::{docdir}/reference/development/web-development.adoc[leveloffset=+4]

[#develop_with_angular]
===== Angular
include::{docdir}/reference/development/angular.adoc[leveloffset=+4]

[#develop_with_react]
===== React
include::{docdir}/reference/development/react.adoc[leveloffset=+4]

[#develop_with_vue]
===== Vue.js
include::{docdir}/reference/development/vue.adoc[leveloffset=+4]

==== Mobile development
include::{docdir}/reference/development/mobile-development.adoc[leveloffset=+4]

===== Android (Java)
include::{docdir}/reference/development/android-java.adoc[leveloffset=+4]

===== Android (Kotlin)
include::{docdir}/reference/development/android-kotlin.adoc[leveloffset=+4]

===== iOS
include::{docdir}/reference/development/ios.adoc[leveloffset=+4]

[#generate_sdks]
=== Generate SDKs from custom cloud service code
include::{docdir}/reference/development/generate-sdks.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

=== Develop custom cloud services
include::{docdir}/reference/development/custom-cloud-services.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

=== Advanced usage of cloud services
include::{docdir}/reference/development/custom-cloud-services-advanced.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

[#several_custom_cloud_services]
==== Several custom cloud services
include::{docdir}/reference/development/custom-cloud-services-several.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

[#shared_module]
==== Create a shared module of cloud services
include::{docdir}/reference/development/custom-cloud-services-shared-module.adoc[leveloffset=+3]



== Available cloud services
include::{docdir}/reference/cloud-services/intro.adoc[leveloffset=+1]
////
TODO: reuse some parts of 
include::{docdir}/common/cloud-services/standard-user-workflow/index.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

TODO: reuse summary of cloud services ?
TODO: add functional cartography ?
////

=== Standard User Workflow
include::{docdir}/reference/cloud-services/standard-user-workflow-intro.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

==== Usage
include::{docdir}/reference/cloud-services/standard-user-workflow-usage.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

==== API
include::{docdir}/reference/cloud-services/standard-user-workflow-api.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

[#builtin_cloud_services]
=== Technical cloud services

==== User Management

include::{docdir}/common/cloud-services-legacy/simple.adoc[leveloffset=+3]
include::{docdir}/common/cloud-services-legacy/weak.adoc[leveloffset=+3]
include::{docdir}/common/cloud-services-legacy/userdir.adoc[leveloffset=+3]
include::{docdir}/common/cloud-services-legacy/groups.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

==== Data Management

include::{docdir}/common/cloud-services-legacy/gda.adoc[leveloffset=+3]
include::{docdir}/common/cloud-services-legacy/stack.adoc[leveloffset=+3]
include::{docdir}/common/cloud-services-legacy/search.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

==== File Management

include::{docdir}/common/cloud-services-legacy/zpfs-hdfs.adoc[leveloffset=+3]
include::{docdir}/common/cloud-services-legacy/template.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

==== Communication

include::{docdir}/common/cloud-services-legacy/messaging.adoc[leveloffset=+3]
include::{docdir}/common/cloud-services-legacy/notif.adoc[leveloffset=+3]
include::{docdir}/common/cloud-services-legacy/sendmail.adoc[leveloffset=+3]
include::{docdir}/common/cloud-services-legacy/sms-ovh.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

==== Utilities Management

include::{docdir}/common/cloud-services-legacy/cron.adoc[leveloffset=+3]
include::{docdir}/common/cloud-services-legacy/logs.adoc[leveloffset=+3]
include::{docdir}/common/cloud-services-legacy/trigger.adoc[leveloffset=+3]



[#cli]
== Command Line Interface

=== Config
include::{docdir}/reference/cli/config.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

=== Run
include::{docdir}/reference/cli/run.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

=== Push
include::{docdir}/reference/cli/push.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

[#verbosity_level]
=== Change verbosity
include::{docdir}/reference/cli/verbosity.adoc[leveloffset=+2]



== Configuration
include::{docdir}/reference/configuration/intro.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

=== Account configuration
include::{docdir}/reference/configuration/account-configuration.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

=== Code structure configuration
include::{docdir}/reference/configuration/structure-configuration.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

[#configuration_properties]
=== Configuration properties
include::{docdir}/reference/configuration/configuration-properties.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

////
TODO: remove this section but keep content and split it in each section above. When
we describe account configuration, we also show how to change it.
=== Configuration override
include::{docdir}/reference/configuration/override-configuration.adoc[leveloffset=+2]
////

=== Customize cloud services

==== User Management

[TODO]
====
Update this section to match new plan

https://github.com/zetapush/documentation/issues/61

include::{docdir}/common/cloud-services/user-management.adoc[leveloffset=+2]
====



== Logs
include::{docdir}/reference/logs/intro.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

=== Console.log
include::{docdir}/reference/logs/console.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

[#local_logger]
=== Utility methods provided by @zetapush/common
include::{docdir}/reference/logs/utility-methods.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

[#log_service]
=== Built-in log cloud service
include::{docdir}/reference/logs/log-cloud-service.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

[log_with_requestcontext]
=== Logs using requestContext
include::{docdir}/reference/logs/request-context.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

=== Use another logging library
include::{docdir}/reference/logs/external-libs.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

[#logs_in_web_console]
=== View logs in web console
include::{docdir}/reference/logs/web-console.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

=== Persist logs
include::{docdir}/reference/logs/persistence.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

=== External log visualization
include::{docdir}/reference/logs/external-visualization.adoc[leveloffset=+2]



== Tests

=== Test your custom cloud services
include::{docdir}/reference/tests/intro.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

[#testing_utilities]
==== Testing utilities provided by ZetaPush
include::{docdir}/reference/tests/testing-utilities.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

==== Unit testing
include::{docdir}/reference/tests/unit-testing.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

[#integration_testing]
==== Integration testing
include::{docdir}/reference/tests/integration-testing.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

[#tests_in_cloud]
===== Integration testing on published worker
include::{docdir}/reference/tests/test-in-cloud.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

[#e2e_testing]
==== Test your application (end to end)
include::{docdir}/reference/tests/e2e-testing.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

[#test_in_typescript]
=== Write tests in TypeScript
include::{docdir}/reference/tests/typescript.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

[#advanced_mocks]
=== Mocks
include::{docdir}/reference/tests/advanced-mocks.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

[#test_snapshot]
=== Initialize test with data
include::{docdir}/reference/tests/test-snapshot.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

=== Logs in tests
include::{docdir}/reference/tests/logs.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

[#verbosity_level_in_tests]
==== Verbosity level
include::{docdir}/reference/tests/verbosity-level.adoc[leveloffset=+3]



== Advanced run of your application
include::{docdir}/reference/run/intro.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

[#run_worker_only]
=== Run cloud services only
include::{docdir}/reference/run/cloud-service-only.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

=== Run front only
include::{docdir}/reference/run/front-only.adoc[leveloffset=+2]



== Advanced deployment of your application
include::{docdir}/reference/push/intro.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

[#partial_deployment]
=== Partial deployment
include::{docdir}/reference/push/partial-deployment.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

=== Environment variables
include::{docdir}/reference/push/environment-variables.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

=== Custom npm registry
include::{docdir}/reference/push/custom-npm-registry.adoc[leveloffset=+2]



[#http_server]
== HTTP server
include::{docdir}/reference/http-server/intro.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

[#internal_http_server]
=== HTTP server provided by ZetaPush
include::{docdir}/reference/http-server/internal-http-server.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

[#custom_http_server]
=== Custom HTTP server
include::{docdir}/reference/http-server/custom-http-server.adoc[leveloffset=+2]



== Extend a cloud service

////
== Testing

TODO: https://github.com/zetapush/documentation/issues/55

=== Unit testing your front

TODO: https://github.com/zetapush/documentation/issues/56

=== Unit testing your custom cloud services

TODO: https://github.com/zetapush/documentation/issues/57

=== Integration testing your front

TODO: https://github.com/zetapush/documentation/issues/58

=== Integration testing your custom cloud services

TODO: https://github.com/zetapush/documentation/issues/59

=== Functional testing / end-to-end testing

TODO: https://github.com/zetapush/documentation/issues/60

// CONFIGURATION OF CLOUD SERVICES
== Configuration of cloud services

[#configuration-of-standard-user-workflow]
=== Standard User Workflow
include::{docdir}/common/cloud-services/standard-user-workflow/configuration.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

// EXTENSION OF CLOUD SERVICES
== Extension of cloud services

.Run directly from VSCode
[TIP]
====
You can configure VSCode to run your tests. In the main menu, click on menu:Debug[Add Configuration...]:

image::{images-dir}/debug/add-debug-mendu.png[role=center]

Add these lines in the `launch.json` file:

[source, json]
----
    {
      "name": "tests", 
      "type": "node",
      "request": "launch",
      "stopOnEntry": false,
      "sourceMaps": true,
      "runtimeArgs": [
        "-r",
        "ts-node/register"
      ],
      "args": [ 
        "node_modules/jasmine/bin/jasmine.js"
      ],
      "cwd": "${workspaceRoot}",
      "console": "integratedTerminal"
    }
----

Then you can select the `tests' launch configuration and hit kbd:[F5].
====
[#extension-of-standard-user-workflow]
=== Standard User Workflow
include::{docdir}/common/cloud-services/standard-user-workflow/extension.adoc[leveloffset=+2]
////